docs: add Rsdoctor documents (#7322)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/guide/optimization/analysis.mdx

```sh
$ rspack build --json stats.json
```

## Use Rsdoctor

> **Rsdoctor** provides the `Bundle Size` module, which is mainly used to analyze the information of the build artifacts of **Webpack** or **Rspack**, including the **size of resources**, **duplicate packages**, and **module reference relationships**:

Reviewer: We do not need so many **bold** in one line 😅

```suggestion
Rsdoctor provides the `Bundle Size` module, which is mainly used to analyze the information of the outputs of Rspack, including the size of resources, duplicate packages, and module reference relationships:
```

Reviewer: @easy1090 will we accept this suggestion?

- **Bundle Overview**: Displays the total number and size of artifacts, as well as the number and size of each file type. It also shows the duplicate packages and their reference chains.
- **Bundle Analysis Module**: Analyzes the size and code information of the build artifacts' resources (**Assets**) and the included **Modules**. In this module, you can view the **actual code size of modules after packaging** in the Assets, as well as the original code or **packaged code segments** and **module reference relationships**.

<img

>   src="https://lf3-static.bytednsdoc.com/obj/eden-cn/lognuvj/rsdoctor/docs/usage/bundle/bundle-size-overall.png"

Reviewer: Please upload all images to https://github.com/rspack-contrib/rstack-design-resources

>   width={'700px'}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  width="700px"
```
